What if it's me
how
If you destroy my Ye family's handed down appearance, you should be torn into pieces
I didn't take the initiative to find you
I didn't expect you to pop out by yourself
Oh, right.
I forgot to tell everyone
This guy is really not a stinky loser
What flows in his body is my imperial capital Ye's family
Noble bloodline
Just like his father
It's a trash that got kicked out of the house
This Ye Huanchang turned out to be Ye Family Cize
It's Liu Yuhao
Didn't you hear what Ye Shao said?
He's just garbage.
Yuhuan, don't blame me for being ruthless
I will not marry my daughter to your father
Oops you are confused
Change in the Imperial Capital Ye's Family
What can he offer you?
Bride Price
program future
His family honor
His biggest first battle was nothing more than a flagship
You're wrong.
I, Ye Huan, have never needed anyone
Thousands of Wealth
Splendid future
Family Glory
I'm like dung
These things
Just what you mortals want
I take a chance
It's not enough, is it?
Hey, it's Ye Shao who didn't come in front
You want to pretend but you just pretend
People have cleared Ye Shao now, and you are still here
shameless
I think you'd better go home quickly
Go carry bricks with your dead daddy
On wealth, my Ye family can afford trillions of dollars
On not forgetting myself can make Fu Hongyan famous
On family honor
My Ye family is in the esophagus
Let the rich become immortals
And what do you have?
That's the gap.
The gap, I'll let you know now.
What is the true disparity?